---
layout: job
hide: false
sponsored: false
datePosted: 2018-04-12 16:00:00 +0100
hiringOrganization:
  name: TVF Media
  address: 375 City Road, London, EC1V 1NB
title: IT Graduate Trainee
logo: /assets/images/contrib/jobs/TVF-company-logo-small.jpg
jobLocation: London, UK
industry: IT
employmentType: Full-time
validThrough: 2018-04-29 23:59:00 +0100


startDate: Immediately
occupationalCategory:
baseSalary: £23,000 per year
salaryCurrency:
salaryPeriod:
responsibilities:
educationRequirements:
experienceRequirements:
incentiveCompensation:
---



TVF Media, a dynamic and progressive media company that is experiencing a period of rapid growth, has a rare opportunity for an outstanding graduate to join them as an IT Graduate Trainee in the heart of London’s Tech City.

As an IT Graduate Trainee you will gain an insight into multiple media platforms including interactive digital media, medical communications, television programming, post-production and the arts. Day to day you will be operating at the cutting edge of technology, developing new and unique solutions both internally and for our diverse range of clients. This includes work for Quarter, a hotel and leisure group in Bristol.

During an intensive three-month training period you will gain a detailed knowledge of our network and the systems we operate. You will be involved in the maintenance and consistent running of our computing systems across the group, as well as exciting new projects to improve what we are doing operationally and financially through the use of technology. You will also have the opportunity to be involved in the maintenance and development of our management systems, and engage with contemporary management theory on a daily basis.

We are unusual in that we prefer to develop our own systems in-house rather than deploying commercial off-the-shelf packages. Therefore an interest in and aptitude for both hardware and programming is essential, as well as a creative mind-set, and enthusiasm for problem solving. The successful candidate will learn about every element of what it takes to build and run a bespoke IT infrastructure for an award-winning media company.

All candidates should have an excellent educational background with a minimum 2:1 degree from a top university. A degree in computer sciences would be an advantage but not essential if you can show interest, creative flair and aptitude. Linux experience is desirable.

If you think you can display an inventive approach to systems management, are keen to pursue a career in IT and have a desire to take on high-level responsibility early in your career, please apply now!

## Educational Requirements

2:1 degree in a relevant subject preferred, but not essential.

## Experience Requirements

Some experience preferred, but not essential.

## Desired skills

Linux experience is desirable.

## Job benefits

The TVF benefits package includes contributory private healthcare insurance, cycle scheme, charity donation scheme, childcare voucher scheme, pension scheme, monthly performance prizes (£300 each) and monthly company drinks.

## Applications

Please apply via our website: [http://www.tvf.co.uk/careers/tvf-plc/information-technology-trainee](http://www.tvf.co.uk/careers/tvf-plc/information-technology-trainee)
