---
layout: job-old
hide: false
sponsored: false
datePosted: 2019-10-15 12:00:00 +0100
hiringOrganization:
  name: Canary &amps; Delta
  address:  2 Friendship Terrace, Bristol, BS48 1DD
title: Part-time Javascript Developer
logo: /assets/images/contrib/jobs/canarydelta.png
jobLocation: Remote
industry: Software Development
employmentType: Part-time
validThrough: 2010-10-18 12:30:00 +0100
startDate: this October
occupationalCategory:
baseSalary: 20000
salaryCurrency: GBP
salaryPeriod: Year
responsibilities:
skills:
experienceRequirements:
educationalRequirements:
incentiveCompensation:

---

## Job Description
We are looking for an active, enthusiastic developer to join the team. This is an excellent fit for someone at university looking to improve their engineering skills, particularly in the area of web, app and cloud development. You’ll get hands-on experience working on real projects, delivering features to hundreds-of-thousands of real users.

View more at canarydelta.com/jobs

## Job Responsibilities
- Writing clean, concise, self-documenting code that both you and the team can still understand a year later.
- Participating in development, design and architectural sessions and reviews.
- Delivering solutions that are modular, scalable and portable.
- Working in an agile fast-paced environment.
- You’ll actively participate in technical decisions using the latest approaches and use cutting edge technologies and technique.
- You’ll be able to communicate frequently and effectively with clients.
- You’ll be a fully engaged, pro-active and collaborative member of the scrum team.
- Assisting the support team in investigating production issues where necessary.
- You’ll take part in feedback on pull requests, upholding company best practices.
- Work with cloud-based infrastructure (Google, AWS and Heroku) for hosting data solutions/applications.

## Educational Requirements
- Eligible to work within the UK.
- Working towards a degree in Computer Science, Engineering, or related technology subject.

## Experience Requirements
- Experience in Javascript (ReactJS/NodeJS applications).
- Experience with Git source control.

## Desired skills
- Enthusiastic about product development within the startup world.
- Independent work ethic.
- Entruprenal attitude.
- Understanding of Agile Methodology.
- Expert knowledge of the Silicon Valley TV show. 

## Other Benefits
- £20,000 - £25,000 pro-rata + discretionary bonus
- A CRAZY Christmas Party.
- Flexible working hours, we will be looking for someone who can fill our demand around their studies.
- Flexible holiday (30 days pro-rata).
- A chance to develop with an allocated training budget - we are looking for employees to gain certifications in areas that are useful to our clients in Cloud Technology & Security.

## To apply:

<div class="to-apply" style="text-align: center">
  <a class="btn btn--dark" style="margin: 20px" href="canarydelta.com/jobs">
    Apply
  </a>
</div>
---
