---
layout: job-old
hide: false
sponsored: false
datePosted: 2019-02-19 12:15:00 +0000
hiringOrganization:
  name: Oxmedica Global Education
  address: 2 Redcliffe Way, Bristol, BS1 6NL
title: International Teaching Programme Tutor
logo:
jobLocation: Kind Saud University, Riyadh, Saudi Arabia
industry: Tutoring
employmentType: 3 week summer placement
validThrough: 2019-07-01 12:00:00 +0100
startDate: immediately
occupationalCategory:
baseSalary: 2250
salaryCurrency: GBP
salaryPeriod: Placement
responsibilities:
- Teach the courses "AI & Computer Science", "Cryptography & Cybersecurity" and "Coding, Web and Mobile App Development" to 15-17 year old students.
experienceRequirements:
- Ideally pursuing or have obtained a Masters degree, but outstanding undergraduates in their final year are also encouraged to apply.

---
## Job Description
Oxmedica Global Education is looking for tutors to teach the courses "AI & Computer Science", "Cryptography & Cybersecurity" and "Coding, Web and Mobile App Development" to 15-17 year old students over the course of a three-week program, from 4th to 26th July, held at King Saud University in Riyadh in collaboration with the Ministry of Education, Saudi Arabia. These students are selected after a rigorous screening procedure and are keen, creative and bright, usually amongst the top 5% of their cohort nationally. The rapport that tutors build up with their students, coupled with the logistical support that Oxmedica provides, has sustained a 50% return rate of past tutors. In particular, tutors are given huge liberty to design the syllabus of the course according to their specialization, and remuneration ranges from £2250-2750 (depending on the last attained qualification of the tutor) on top of all flights, accommodation and meals covered.

Female tutors are especially encouraged to apply. Applicants should ideally be pursuing or have obtained a Masters degree, but outstanding undergraduates in their final year are also encouraged to apply. Applicants may send a CV and cover letter to recruitment@oxmedica.com; positions are filled on a rolling basis and the first round of interviews will be conducted in London in early March.  

## To apply:
Please send a CV and cover letter to recruitment@oxmedica.com; positions are filled on a rolling basis and the first round of interviews will be conducted in London in early March.  

[[https://oxmedica.com/]]

<div class="to-apply" style="text-align: center">
  <a class="btn btn--dark" style="margin: 20px" href="mailto:recruitment@oxmedica.com">
    Apply
  </a>
</div>
---
