---
layout: job
hide: false
sponsored: false
datePosted: 2019-01-07 14:15:00 +0100
hiringOrganization:
  name: yu-scan Ltd
  address: DeskLodge House, Redcliffe Way, Bristol BS1 6NL
title: CEO
logo:
jobLocation: DeskLodge House, Redcliffe Way, Bristol BS1 6NL
industry: Software Development
employmentType: Temporary
validThrough: 2019-01-25 12:00:00 +0100
startDate: immediately
occupationalCategory:
baseSalary: 1200
salaryCurrency: GBP
salaryPeriod: Month
responsibilities:
skills:
experienceRequirements:
educationalRequirements:
incentiveCompensation:

---
App Back end Software Engineer. 140hour task list intern-style program with support. Two positions in exciting hi-tech start-up on inspiring app; expanding team.

We do this using Google Cloud Services and React Native. App readiness level: 85% complete. Task list to deliver MVP social network platform involving data management across devices with enhanced security and data management paths.

## Job responsibilities
### Help to:
    • complete the process of syncing social network images to messages and securing them,
    • protecting data access to/ from web OS mini Game platform access
    • enabling secure data movement from/ to app to account.   

## Educational requirements
Position is for a highly capable 3rd year computer science student or above who wants to earn some extra cash. The work will take 10-15 hours per week, for about 10 weeks.

## Desired skills
### About you:
You have a passion for ensuring data is secure.  You are independent and also work well in a small team. You are naturally collaborative and can work in an Agile and Test Driven Development

Solid knowledge of
experience with Git version control
Node js server
E  ExpressJS
    Google Cloud Services platform
    Mongo Db- Mongoose
-   Postman8
-   Socket.io
-  Json Web Tokens
React Native
Solid understanding and support of Agile working

## Other incentives/benefits
Bonuses, nights out with team.  Stretch goals GUI; ask

## To apply:
Please send your CV and cover letter by 25th January 2019, highlighting past experience and technical skills to ben.bacon@yu-scan.co.uk  Links to completed projects and code would be beneficial. You may send informal questions to Ben Bacon at  ben.bacon@yu-scan.co.uk.

---
