---
layout: job-old
hide: false
sponsored: false
datePosted: 2020-11-12 12:00:00 +0100
hiringOrganization:
  name: Jump Trading
  address:  Runway East, 1 Victoria St, Redcliffe, Bristol BS1 6AA
title: ASIC Hardware/Software Engineer
logo: /assets/images/contrib/jobs/jumptrading-2020.jpg
jobLocation: Bristol, UK
industry: Hardware/Electronics
employmentType: Full-time
validThrough: 2020-11-20 12:00:00 +0100
startDate:
occupationalCategory:
baseSalary:
salaryCurrency: GBP
salaryPeriod: Year
responsibilities:
skills:
experienceRequirements:
educationalRequirements:
incentiveCompensation:

---

## Job Description
We’re looking for brilliant engineering talent to join our ASIC team that is building next-generation, ultra-low-latency systems to power trading with machine learning and other algorithms on a global scale.

This is an opportunity to work on complex problems around networking, high performance computing, and real-time acceleration where we can't just use off-the-shelf hardware. May also include other duties as assigned or needed.

You’ll work alongside a small team of experienced engineers who came to Jump from leading companies in ASICs, FPGAs, semiconductors, networking cards, and more… as well as PhDs from top hardware research labs around the world.

Our small and talented team is responsible for the entire process from architecture and specification, through to design, test and bringing up of a final product on a board in production. We have achieved excellent results to date by hiring the best and focusing. We have seen proven success in a shorter time scale than is typical at larger tech firms. Enjoy the satisfaction that comes with seeing your work actively trading in one of the most technologically advanced fields anywhere.

## Requirements
- Undergraduate or Graduate concentration in Electrical Engineering, Computer Science, or related areas
- Experience with ASIC, FPGA, or other hardware/systems design and development
- Experience with RTL (SystemVerilog/Verilog/VHDL)
- Previous internship experience in hardware or low-level software engineering
- Experience with C, C++, or Python
- Passion for solving complex problems and ability to draw upon knowledge and experience from a variety of technical areas to produce extremely high-performance solutions
- Reliable and predictable availability

## Desired skills
- lowRISC or RISC-V
- CocoTB, Chisel, Opencore, or Bluespec
- HLS or OpenCL
- Any programming close to the metal with CPU, GPU, microprocessors, etc.
- Linux kernel and driver programming
- Robotics, Telecommunications, or High Speed Networking
- Raspberry Pi or Arduino
- Excellent marks in courses such as computer architecture, digital design, design verification

## To apply:

<div class="to-apply" style="text-align: center">
  <a class="btn btn--dark" style="margin: 20px" href="https://www.jumptrading.com/apply.html?gh_jid=2311624">
    Apply
  </a>
</div>
---
