---
layout: job
hide: false
sponsored: false
datePosted: 2021-07-11 12:00:00 +0100
hiringOrganization:
  name: LV8 Sport
title: Junior Data Scientist
logo: <++>
jobLocation: Hybrid (Remote/SW8)
industry: Software Development
employmentType: Graduate Role
validThrough: 2021-09-01 12:00:00 +0100
startDate: July/August 2021
occupationalCategory: Data Science
apply:
  email:
    items: 
      - CV
      - Cover Paragraph
    address: careers@lv8sport.com 
---

## Job Description
Based in Battersea, London, LV8 Sport is a privately funded sports-tech startup, leveraging Computer Vision and Machine Learning to deliver a unique data-led approach to performance analysis across a select group of sports. Our first product, Grow Football, is an AR-based iOS application which provides players of all levels with detailed analysis of their performance, and is launching this summer with a top European football club.

Due to one of our data scientists moving into a neuroscience research position, we have a vacancy available for a Junior Data Scientist, starting in July/August of this year.

This is a permanent position, with hybrid working and a competitive starting salary, and an additional annual bonus.

## Job Responsibilities
Your responsibilities will include:
* Training, testing and optimising object detection, computer vision and image analysis algorithms for iOS deployment.
* Developing and evaluating quantitative scoring metrics from video and pose estimation data.
* Preparing and processing imaging data for sure in model training.
* Building and maintaining metrics data processing pipelines to improve processes.
* Remaining up to date with current state-of-the-art research and literature in ML and CV.

## Job Requirements
Successful candidates should have:
* Good knowledge and understanding in machine learning; particularly object detection, image segmentation, pose estimation and optical flow.
* Demonstratable experience applying analytical skills to problems such as data collection, analysis, visualisation, statistics.
* Experience in ML frameworks Tensorflow/Pytorch.
* Experience training custom deep learning networks and pre-trained CV models such as YOLO or MobileNet.
* Experience deploying models in iOS-compatible mobile machine learning frameworks (Apple CoreML, Google MLKit).
* Strong programming skills in Python (numpy, scipy, pandas, matplotlib).
* Proficiency with good software engineering practices and versioning control (Git).
* Excellent organisational, planning and time management skills.•An interest in sports analytics and/or biomechanics.
* Previous iOS development is a nice-to-have.