---
layout: job
hide: false
sponsored: false
datePosted: 2022-03-21 12:00:00 +0100
hiringOrganization:
  name: Palantir
  address:  https://www.palantir.com/careers/
title: Software Engineers & Developers
jobLocation: 20 Soho Square, London
industry: Software Development
employmentType: Full Time
validThrough: 2022-04-29 09:00:00 +0100
startDate: Immediately
baseSalary: 65000
salaryCurrency: GBP
salaryPeriod: Year
apply:
  link: https://jobs.lever.co/palantir?lever-via=d78hAvLPQ8
---

## Job Description
At Palantir, we’re passionate about building software that solves problems. We partner with the most important institutions in the world to transform how they use data and technology. Our software has been used to stop terrorist attacks, discover new medicines, gain an edge in global financial markets, and more. If these types of projects excite you, we'd love for you to join us.

Roles are highly flexible and can be defined by you. Some of the skill types that are valued are:

Technical background, preferred in fields such as Mathematics, Software Engineering, Physics, Data Science, Mathematics or Computer Science.

Excellent communication skills, with the ability to collaborate effectively in teams of technical and non-technical individuals.

Comfortable working in a rapidly changing environment with dynamic objectives and iteration with users.

Ability to continuously learn and work independently, making decisions with minimal supervision.

Proficiency with one or more programming languages or data engineering frameworks, such as Python, SQL, Spark, Java, C++, TypeScript/JavaScript, or similar.


Technologies We Use

It doesn’t matter what languages you know when you join us, but it does matter that you can write clean, effective code and learn new languages quickly. Our software is constantly evolving, so we need engineers who can do the same. You'll build your skillset to apply the best technology to solve a given problem.” Right now, we use:

• A variety of languages, including Java and Go for back end and Typescript for front end
• Open-source technologies like Cassandra, Spark, ElasticSearch, React, and Redux
• Industry-standard build tooling, including Gradle, Webpack, and Github


## Experience Requirements
Roles for New Grads and experienced hires

## Other Benefits
Equity, on-site benefits, free meals
