---
layout: job
hide: false
sponsored: true
datePosted: 2021-03-01 12:00:00 +0100
hiringOrganization:
  name: CACI
title: Graduate Software Engineer
logo: caci.svg
jobLocation: Bristol / Cardiff
industry: Software Engineering
employmentType: Permanent
validThrough: 2023-06-01 12:00:00 +0100
startDate: September 2021
occupationalCategory:
baseSalary: 28000
salaryCurrency: GBP
salaryPeriod: Year
apply:
  email:
    items:
      - CV
      - Cover Letter
    address: iigcareers@caci.co.uk
---

We’re looking for friendly and passionate graduates from Science, Technology, Engineering and Mathematics backgrounds to join our team in Bristol or Cardiff. CACI Information Intelligence Group (IIG) is a young, innovative company, driven by a passion for quality. As a graduate at IIG you can expect to join one of our small, fast-paced, agile delivery teams; using agile methodology and DevOps techniques to build backend systems, data processing pipelines, and progressive web apps for customers in the UK Government and Defence sector. You will be assigned a mentor and offered training tailored towards your career aims. 

## Job Specification
Software Engineering at IIG consists of a wide range of responsibilities, the list below gives a flavour of some of the
tasks you may be asked to undertake;
- Implementing software solutions including design, development and testing.
- Use a wide range of technologies, specialising in the use of open source libraries and components.
- Use tools such as GitLab to build continuous integration pipelines that help monitor and ensure software quality
and security.
- Deploy software systems to a mixture of environments including public (AWS and Azure) and private cloud.
- Full Software Lifecycle involvement:
    - Project concept formalisation
    - Requirements analysis and specification
    - Software architecture design
    - Software implementation and delivery
    - Software training and support
    - Software lifecycle and maintenance


## Candidate Specification
In order to join our team as a Graduate Software Engineer, it is essential that you are:
- Talented
- Committed
- Willing to learn new skills/technologies
- Interested in problem solving
- Enjoy challenging work
- Friendly


We love to take responsibility for solving challenging technical problems for our customers and we need people eager to become involved in our varied, interesting and exciting projects. Although no commercial experience is necessary, you would need some understanding of the software engineering life cycle.

## More about CACI
The Software Engineer roles within IIG are an excellent opportunity, and we reward our staff well with a competitive salary and impressive benefits package which includes:

- Flexi-time: 37.5 hour weeks you can structure how you want with working from home available
- Learning: Budget for conferences, training courses and other materials
- Social: Fantastic culture with monthly social events
- Future You: Matched pension and health care package

We also understand the importance of getting to know your colleagues. Whole company meetings are held every quarter, and a training/work brief weekend is held once a year, amongst many other social events.

### Who we are and what we do
Founded in 2006, the CACI IIG is an agile, exciting, growing and progressive business unit within CACI UK. We currently have over 320 intelligent, professional and engaging staff. Through a rigorous emphasis on quality, the company has grown considerably to become one of the UK’s most well-respected Software Engineering Companies. IIG’s company mission statement is to delight our customers and employees by delivering core mission solutions that keep the UK safe, secure and sustainably moving forward.

Our strategy is to do great things for our customers on work that is at the heart of their core mission. We bring together highly capable, creative, curious and passionate problem solvers to:

- Seek excellence, delivering real customer value in an open, honest and friendly way
- Run and grow a sustainable and profitable business
- Work alongside our customers to exceed their expectations and set the standard for our competitors- Be the
trusted technical partner of choice in our chosen markets
- Provide employees with a great working environment focussed on support, growth and empowerment

Our mission is to support government departments to use information intelligently to make mission critical decisions and advance the security, sustainability and prosperity for the UK.

### Diversity and Inclusion
CACI is an equal opportunities employer. We embrace diversity and are committed to a working environment where no one will be treated less favourably on the grounds of their sex, race, disability, sexual orientation religion, belief or age.

**Due to the industries we work in, we require all our team to be able to obtain security clearance. To qualify for this, you must be a British citizen and have lived permanently in the UK for the last 5 years.**