---
layout: event
published: true
cancelled: false
cancel_reason:
title: BAE Cyber Security Capture the Flag
date:     2016-12-03 09:30:00 +0000
date_end: 2016-12-03 16:30:00 +0000
banner: 2016_12_03_bae_ctf.png
location: MVB 1.11
fb_link: https://www.facebook.com/events/404245549964022
ticket_link: mailto:ctf@baesystems.com
price: Free
category:
  - Careers
  - Competition
cohost:
  - company: BAE Systems Applied Intelligence
---
**Note: signup is essential - don't delay!**

## About the challenge

The Operational Cyber Group from BAE Systems Applied Intelligence are running a Capture the Flag event; a day of cyber security challenges and games. Anybody who is currently enrolled in Computer Science at Bristol can sign up and play. There are prizes for the winning team and goodies for anyone taking part!

If you’re interested in a career in cyber security or just want a day of technical fun, please do sign up and take part! This is a team-based event for teams of 2 to 6 players. If you don’t have a team yet then don’t worry – register and come along anyway as teams will also be created on the day. The challenges will involve breaking into vulnerable websites, cracking ciphers, forensic analysis, reverse engineering and much more. No previous experience of these kinds of challenge is necessary; they are designed for computer science students who like taking things apart and seeing how they work.

Event runs all day from 9.30 to 16:30. Lunch (Dominos!) will be provided, so get on down!

## Signing up

If you’re interested, please sign up by sending an email to [ctf@baesystems.com](mailto:ctf@baesystems.com) from your university email account. Please include the following information:

* Your full name
* Your year of study
* Your course title
* Your team name (if applicable)

<a class="btn btn--dark" href="mailto:ctf@baesystems.com">
  Sign Up Now
</a>

If you are signing up on behalf of others, please include the above information for them too. The deadline for signing up is Wednesday 30th November.

Please register as soon as possible to secure your place. An email we be sent on Thursday 1st December to confirm your place and provide more details on the event and what you need to bring.

**MVB 1.11, 9.30am-4.30pm, Dec 3**

