---
layout: event
published: true
cancelled: false
cancel_reason:
title: BAE CTF
date:     2018-02-17 09:45:00 +0000
date_end: 2018-02-17 16:00:00 +0000
banner: 2018_02_17_bae_ctf.jpg
location: MVB 1.11
fb_link: "https://www.facebook.com/events/145809772749008"
ticket_link: "mailto: ctf@baesystems.com"
price: Free
category:
  - Networking
  - Careers
  - Competition
cohost:
  - company: BAE Systems Applied Intelligence
---

///// SEE SIGNUP DETAILS BELOW! /////

BAE Systems Applied Intelligence are running a Capture the Flag event, a day of cyber security challenges and games, on Saturday 17th February 2018. Anybody who is currently enrolled Bristol University can sign up and play. There are prizes for the winning team and goodies for anyone taking part!

The competition is being held in MVB 1.11 and will start at 10:00 and finish at 16:00, with lunch provided by us. We’ll be around all day to provide hints and tips on the challenges and are happy to discuss careers in cyber security and software engineering in BAE Systems Applied Intelligence. If you’re interested please send us an email and sign up!

This is a team-based challenge for teams of 2 to 6 players. If you don’t have a team yet then don’t worry – come along anyway as teams will be created on the day. The challenges will involve breaking into vulnerable websites, cracking ciphers, forensic searches, reverse engineering and much more. No previous experience of these kinds of challenge is necessary; they are designed for students who like taking things apart and seeing how they work.

//// SIGN UP NOW ////

To sign up, please email ctf@baesystems.com from your university email account with the following information:

- Your full name
- Your team name (if applicable)
- Your year of study
- Your course title

If you are signing up on behalf of others, please include the above information for them too. The deadline for signing up is Friday 9th February 2018. We will email you to confirm your place and provide more details on the event and what you need to bring. We really hope to see you there.
