---
layout: event
published: true
title: BAE System AI CTF
date:     2019-10-19 09:15:00 +0100
date_end: 2019-10-19 16:30:00 +0100
banner: 2019_10_19_BAE_CTF.png
location: MVB Atrium
fb_link: https://www.facebook.com/events/2460784210666318/
ticket_link: mailto:ctf@baesystems.com
price: Free
category:
  - Tech Talk
cohost:
  - company: BAE Systems Applied Intelligence
---

Tldr; you must email ctf@baesystems.com with your name, team name, year of study, course, and any dietary requirements to sign up

BAE Systems Applied Intelligence are running a Capture the Flag event, a day of cyber security challenges and games, on Saturday 19th October. Anybody who is currently enrolled at Bristol University can sign up and play. There are prizes for the winning team and goodies for anyone taking part!

The competition is being held in the MVB 1.11/1.11A and will start at 10:00 and finish at 16:00, with lunch provided by us. We’ll be around all day to provide hints and tips on the challenges and are happy to discuss careers in cyber security and software engineering in BAE Systems Applied Intelligence. If you’re interested please send us an email and sign up!

This is a team-based challenge for teams of 2 to 6 players. If you don’t have a team yet then don’t worry – come along anyway as teams will be created on the day. The challenges will involve breaking into vulnerable websites, cracking ciphers, forensic searches, reverse engineering and much more. No previous experience of these kinds of challenge is necessary; they are designed for students who like taking things apart and seeing how they work.

To sign up, please email ctf@baesystems.com from your university email account with the following information:

·         Your full name

·         Your team name (if applicable)

·         Your year of study

·         Your course title

·         Dietary requirements (if appropriate)

If you are signing up on behalf of others, please include the above information for them too. The deadline for signing up is Friday 11th October. We will email you to confirm your place and provide more details on the event and what you need to bring. We really hope to see you there.

BAE Systems will collect and process information about you that may be subject to data protection laws. For more information about how we use and disclose your personal information, how we protect your information, our legal basis to use your information, your rights and who you can contact, please refer to the relevant sections of our Privacy note at www.baesystems.com/en/cybersecurity/privacy
