---
layout: event
published: true
cancelled: false
cancel_reason:
title: BAE Systems CTF
date:     2021-11-06 10:00:00 +0000
date_end: 2021-11-06 16:00:00 +0000
location: MVB 1.11/1.11A
ticket_link: mailto:ctf@baesystems.com
banner: 2021_11_06_bae.png
price: Free
category:
- Competition
cohost:
- company: BAE Systems Applied Intelligence
---

BAE Systems Applied Intelligence are running a Capture the Flag event, a day of cyber security challenges and games, on
Saturday 6th November. Anybody who is currently enrolled at The University of Bristol can sign up and play. There are
prizes for the winning team and goodies for anyone taking part!

The competition is hybrid - being held in the MVB 1.11/1.11A – but you can compete from home if you prefer!
We will use discord for online communications so you will not miss out on hints and tips if you decide to compete from
home. Details on how to join the discord & CTF platform will be sent out to you on the day. The event will start at 10:
00 and finish at 16:00, with lunch provided by us. We’ll be around all day to provide hints and tips on the challenges
and are happy to discuss careers in cyber security and software engineering in BAE Systems Applied Intelligence. If
you’re interested please send us an email and sign up!

This is a team-based challenge for teams of 2 to 6 players. If you don’t have a team yet then don’t worry – come along
anyway as teams will be created on the day.

The challenges will involve breaking into vulnerable websites, cracking ciphers, forensic searches, reverse engineering
and much more. No previous experience of these kinds of challenge is necessary; they are designed for students who like
taking things apart and seeing how they work. To sign up, please email ctf@baesystems.com from your university email
account with the following information:

* Your full name
* Your team name (if applicable)
* Your year of study
* Your course title

If you are signing up on behalf of others, please include the above information for them too. **The deadline for signing
up is Saturday 30th October.**

We will email you to confirm your place, and provide more details about the event and what you need to bring.

We really hope to see you there.<br/>
BAE Systems Applied Intelligence CTF team

