---
layout: event
published: true
cancelled: false
cancel_reason:
title: CSS GameJam 2022
date:     2022-11-02 08:00:00 +0100
date_end: 2022-11-03 18:00:00 +0100
banner: 2022-11-02_gamejam.jpg
location: MVB 2.11 + 2.56
ticket_link: https://forms.office.com/r/fXMmLHjqFY
price: Free
category:
- Competition
- Social
cohost:
- company: MyWorld
- company: Bristol Digital Game Lab
- company: Aardman
---

**SIGN UP HERE:** [https://forms.office.com/r/fXMmLHjqFY](https://forms.office.com/r/fXMmLHjqFY)

**THEME: It's not a Bug, It's a Feature**

GameJam is back! Team up with your friends (or go it alone, that's fine too!) and join us on 2nd and 3rd November for a 2-day GameJam, where you will compete to make the best game possible with the theme **"It's not a Bug, It's a Feature"**! It's a fantastic opportunity to develop your skills and maybe win a prize! Did we mention that there will be free pizza?

## Hardware!
<details>
<summary>This year we're very happy to announce that we have hardware available to participants to use! This includes:</summary>
  
-  VR/ AR devices (**Induction Needed, Find more details below**)
  -  Meta Quest 2 x 4
  -  Oculus Go
  -  VIVE Pro 2\* with Valve Index Controllers
  -  Possibile add-ons: VIVE tracker (3.0), VIVE facial tracker
  -  Valve Index\*
  -  HoloLens 2 x2
- Mobile devices
  - Google Pixel 6 x 5 
    - running Android OS 13
    - ARCore
      - 60 fps camera capture frame rate on the rear-facing camera
      - Multiple GPU texture resolutions - 1080p, 720p, 480p
      - Depth API
  - Lenovo Tab P11
    - Android OS 11
  - iPad Pro 11" (3rd gen) x 2
    - iPadOS 15.7
    - LiDAR Scanner
    - ARKit and RealityKit
- Controllers
  - Xbox Controllers x6
  - Wii Controllers x5

\*: These headsets can only be used in 2.56 VR area.

Participants using the hardware will be required to attend an induction session before they can use the hardware. Details about the induction can be found in the sign-up form.
</details>

## Prizes (Over £1000 to win!)
There are multiple categories, and a **single game can win multiple of them!** Don't be afraid to try to enter all of these!

### Most Innovative Game
**£400 cash**, sponsored by MyWorld. 

All games will be entered into this category.

### Most Creative Interpretation of The Theme
**£425 cash**

All games will be entered into this category.

### Best Graphics
**£250 cash**

All games will be entered into this category.

### Best Story
**£150 cash**

This is an opt-in category.

### Most Unexpected Twist
**£150 cash**

This is an opt-in category.

### Most innovative engagement with history and culture
**£100 Love2Shop Voucher**, Sponsored by the Bristol Digital Gaming Lab

This is an opt-in category

### Most thought put into accessibility
**£100 Love2Shop Voucher**, Sponsored by the Bristol Digital Gaming Lab

All games will be entered into this category.

### Best bug(s) that become(s) a feature
£100 cash, sponsored by MyWorld

### The Funniest Game
- Six £25 amazon vouchers (£125) for the Funniest Game, sponsored by Aardman

This is an opt-in category.

NB: Cash prizes will be awarded via bank transfer to team members.

## Rules

Maximum team size: 6
* Be respectful to other teams
* Follow the theme
* No offensive imagery / text in games
* Use of third-party assets is allowed but must be declared and will not be taken into account in judging
* Virtual Reality equipment can only be used in designated areas
* If using VR equipment, you must attend the induction session before you can use the equipment
* Games must be completed within the 2-day period
* Team can't be more than 33.3% recurring committee to be eligible for prizes

## Tenative Schedule

### 2nd November 2022

| Time          | Description                  |
| ------------- | ---------------------------- |
| 08:00 - 08:30 | Registration                 |
| 08:30 - 09:00 | Intro + Health & Safety talk |
| 09:00         | Start of Day 1               |
| 19:00         | Dinner                       |
| 24:00         | End of Day 1                 |

### 3rd November 2022

| Time          | Description    |
| ------------- | -------------- |
| 08:00         | Start of Day 2 |
| 12:00         | Lunch          |
| 15:00 - 17:00 | Judging        |

Food is provided for participants on both days, as well as refreshments (tea, coffee, water, etc.)

We will be setting up a channel in our [Discord](https://discord.gg/nYwbhf8) server in the coming days for further communication and to help people find a group. We will also be communicating information over email.

<!-- Gromit was here -->
