---
layout: event
published: true
cancelled: false
cancel_reason:
title: Space Weather & Border Control - Securing The UK For Future Generations
date:     2023-02-02 18:00:00 +0000
date_end: 2023-02-02 19:00:00 +0000
banner: 2023-02-02-caci.jpg
location: MBV 1.11/1.11A
fb_link: https://www.facebook.com/events/1175270493100244/?acontext=%7B%22event_action_history%22%3A[%7B%22surface%22%3A%22page%22%7D]%7D
ticket_link: https://forms.office.com/Pages/ResponsePage.aspx?id=MH_ksn3NTkql2rGM8aQVG9NJCZ7L5PVKqvcxQ7iclbBUNzNHV01OUDhYVUs3QUlHNUVMM0EyTFJFNCQlQCN0PWcu
price: Free
category:
- Tech Talk
- Networking
cohost:
- company: CACI
kiosk:
  title: Space Weather & Border Control - Securing The UK For Future Generations
  background: https://cssbristol.co.uk/assets/videos/caci-space-weather-kiosk.mp4
  description: Join us for a talk by CACI IIG, where they will be discussing a number of projects including space weather and their DSAB programme. Space weather describes conditions in space that can interact with the Earth’s upper atmosphere and magnetic field and disrupt our infrastructure and technology including power grids, radio communications and satellite operations including GPS.
  show_sponsors: true
  show_date: true
---

Join us for a talk by CACI IIG, where they will be discussing a number of projects including space weather and their DSAB programme. Space weather describes conditions in space that can interact with the Earth’s upper atmosphere and magnetic field and disrupt our infrastructure and technology including power grids, radio communications and satellite operations including GPS.

The Met Office owns the UK space weather risk on behalf of the Department for Business, Energy and Industrial Strategy (BEIS) and as part of the National Risk Assessment mitigation strategy, delivers space weather services to government, critical national infrastructure (CNI) providers, international partners such as ESA, PECASUS, KNMI and the public.

CACI Information Intelligence Group were asked to undertake this project to enhance the existing Met Office space weather forecast systems and the services it delivers to customers. These enhancements include implementing new scientific forecasting models, incorporating new data sources and a full migration of the system into the AWS cloud while maintaining continuous operations.

Space Weather is on the UK’s national risk registry as a high impact, high likelihood event and as such this system needs to be secure and have 24/7/365 high availability.


## About the speakers

Chris Paget - Chris has spent the last 6 years working in software, in industries such as engineering through to consulting, going from grad to tech lead. He's spent most of his time working with Java Spring-boot apps, although still has a soft-spot for VBA. In his spare time Chris enjoys a variety of racquet sports and surfing (whenever the weather allows).

Laurence Webb - Laurence has worked for CACI for over 4 years as a software developer and currently is a technical lead for the Space Weather project. During his software engineering career, he's had the chance to work on a variety of technologies both front-end and back-end. His current favourites are AWS, infrastructure as code & Docker. Outside of work, he enjoys getting outdoors - mostly for climbing & skiing

 

## About CACI

Founded in 2006, the CACI IIG is an agile, exciting, growing and progressive business unit within CACI UK. We currently have over 300 intelligent, professional and engaging staff. Through a rigorous emphasis on quality, the company has grown considerably to become one of the UK’s most well-respected Software Engineering Companies.

IIG’s company mission statement is to delight our customers and employees by delivering core mission solutions that keep the UK safe, secure and sustainably moving forward.

Our strategy is to do great things for our customers on work that is at the heart of their core mission. We bring together highly capable, creative, curious and passionate problem solvers to:

- Seek excellence, delivering real customer value in an open, honest and friendly way
- Run and grow a sustainable and profitable business
- Work alongside our customers to exceed their expectations and set the standard for our competitors- Be the trusted technical partner of choice in our chosen markets
- Provide employees with a great working environment focussed on support, growth and empowerment

Our mission is to support government departments to use information intelligently to make mission critical decisions and advance the security, sustainability and prosperity for the UK.
