---
layout: post
title: First Steps with Git
date: 2017-10-18 15:00:00 +0100
categories: tutorial
author: "David Bernhard"
---

# First Steps with Git

Git is a way to store, back up and organise your code. It is one of those things that you wish you'd been taught in your first term if you discover it later on.

This tutorial assumes that you are moderately familiar with using a terminal/shell.

## Installing

The lab machines should have git installed already. On your own machine, type "git" in a terminal and if you're lucky you'll get the help text, showing it's installed. If you need to install it yourself:

  * If you're using Linux, your package manager should provide it. Try `sudo apt install git` for debian and derivatives like ubuntu and mint. `sudo yum install git` should work on Fedora.
  * On a Mac, if you're using homebrew then `brew install git` should do it, or you can download git from [the website](https://git-scm.com/download/mac).
  * On Windows, [git for windows](https://git-for-windows.github.io/) gives you git and an "open git here" option in the right-click menu of every folder.

## Create a repository

When you start on a new project or unit, create an empty folder, go to it in your terminal and type `git init`. This creates a hidden subfolder `.git` which is your **repository** - it will store the entire history of your project and every change you make, as long as you remember to commit these changes (which we'll do soon). This not only gets you unlimited undo/redo, so you can try things out and undo them if they don't work, but you can also maintain several different versions of your code and switch between them.

The folder containing the `.git` folder is your **working tree** - one particular version of your project.

## Making commits

Let's say you've written some code in a file `hello.c`:

```C
#include <stdio.h>

int main() {
  puts("Hello World!");
  return 0;
}
```

Type `git status` in your terminal. This will show that there's an untracked change in file `hello.c`. If colours are set up correctly, untracked changes are red and tracked ones are green.

To tell git to track this change, run `git add hello.c`. Run `git status` again and you'll see "new file: hello.c", possibly in green. This means you've told git about this change, but it's not committed yet (not saved in the repository). Run `git commit -m 'New file'`. Each commit must have a message and the `-m <message>` option is a way to provide this. The single quotes around the message are to do with how your shell parses arguments - basically if you put single quotes around a commit message then you can use spaces, punctuation etc. and it should work as long as there's no single quotes in your message itself. Do `git status` again and you should see "nothing to commit, working tree clean" which is a good message to see.

The simplest way to work with git is this: make changes, commit changes, repeat. Git lets you undo/redo changes at the commit level so it's helpful to make lots of small commits instead of few large ones; commit messages help you find commits when you want to e.g. revert to a particular commit.

If you make a change to your source file - perhaps add a comma after `Hello` - you'll see "modified: hello.c" under a heading "Changes not staged for commit" (in red if colours are working). `git add hello.c` tracks the change (it now appears under "Changes to be committed" in the status text), `git commit -m 'Added a comma'` commits it:

```text
$ git status
On branch master
Changes not staged for commit:
  (use "git add <file>..." to update what will be committed)
  (use "git checkout -- <file>..." to discard changes in working directory)

        modified:   hello.c

no changes added to commit (use "git add" and/or "git commit -a")

$ git add hello.c

$ git status

On branch master
Changes to be committed:
  (use "git reset HEAD <file>..." to unstage)

        modified:   hello.c

$ git commit -m 'Added a comma.'
[master 6e7e782] Added a comma.
1 file changed, 1 insertion(+), 1 deletion(-)

$ git status
On branch master
nothing to commit, working tree clean
```

In summary:

  * `git status` shows you whether there are any uncommitted changes in your repos.
  * `git add FILE` tracks a change, but doesn't commit it yet.
  * `git commit -m 'MESSAGE'` commits all tracked changes.

If "git status" shows "working tree clean" then all your changes have been saved.

## Reverting changes

As you might have gathered already from the help text, if you've made changes to a file that you've not committed yet and you want to undo them back to the last commit, `git checkout -- FILENAME` reverts the file. There is a space both before and after the `--` in that command.

If you've committed changes and want to go back to an earlier commit, the first thing you do is `git log` which shows you a list of all commits. If there are a lot, `git log | less` lets you view them one page at a time - advance with SPACE, exit with Q. `git log --oneline` shows just one line per commit and you can stick `| less` on the end of that too. Each commit has a hash value which is a long hexadecimal string. When referencing a commit, you usually only need to type the first few characters of the hash.

Let's say I decide I don't want a comma after "Hello" after all.

```text
$ git log --oneline
6e7e782 Added a comma.
4f251ef New file

$ git checkout 4f25 hello.c`
```

The command `git checkout HASH FILENAME` reverts the file to the state in the given commit. The file is now in "changed and not tracked" state as if you'd edited it by hand. You can also `git checkout HASH`  filename to revert all files back to an older commit.

## Excluding files

Let's compile our file: `gcc hello.c -Wall -Werror -std=c99 -o hello`. You do use `-Wall -Werror` on all your C programs to catch possible bugs, right?

We now have two files in the working tree: `hello.c` and `hello` (or `hello.exe` if we're on windows). However we don't want to track `hello` in the repository - you want your sources but not your compiled files in the repository. You can just compile the sources again whenever you need to, after all.

Create a file called `.gitignore` (yes, it starts with a dot) with one line `hello` (or `hello.exe`) in it. Each line in this file is treated as a pattern that matches one or more files (you can do `*.exe` to exclude all windows executables for example) that git should ignore. Adding the name of a folder to a gitignore file ignores that folder and everything in it. When you do `git status` again you'll see that git ignores your executable file, but notices the new file `.gitignore`. Add that file to the repository and commit.

